Recently, an exciting announcement was made to the brothers and sisters living in the
Britain branch territory.
Initial approval has been granted to relocate the local branch offices.
In fact, this is the second largest construction project that our organization is currently
undertaking.
Hundreds of brothers and sisters have worked for well over a year to get the project to
this stage.
The first construction volunteers are now living on location.
Hundreds more will be needed to transform this site into the new Britain branch office.
Why is this move needed and how will it be accomplished?
Jehovah's Witnesses have been sharing the Bible's message for over 100 years.
Every year, more and more books and magazines are distributed.
To organize this, Jehovah's Witnesses maintain branch offices around the world.
Printing the world's most widely circulated magazines takes a lot of effort.
To keep up, our branch offices must run efficiently.
The branch office in Britain has a large part to play in this growing work, but faces
challenges.
Its properties are fragmented, spread out over a 10 mile radius.
The decision was made to relocate.
In 2014, an 85 acre property was purchased to accommodate the new Britain branch office.
Right now, the site is being prepared for construction.
A small army of volunteers will then fit out the property, turning the site into a beautiful
new Bethel home.
It is expected that these new facilities will be completed and operational by December 31,
2019.
At that time, the Bethel family will move in.
Here, in this very office, skilled volunteers are hard at work designing the new branch.
There are structural engineers, architects, interior designers, landscapers, solicitors
and so many more.
Each willingly gives of their time without charge.
At the heart of the site will be the printer.
Office buildings and support facilities will be situated nearby.
Modest accommodation will house the Bethel family.
These buildings will complement the beautiful countryside.
Building this branch is a huge task.
Jehovah has always loved using willing volunteers on construction projects, such as the arc,
the tabernacle and the temple.
Jehovah is no different today.
He will use humble, hard-working volunteers to make this and many other construction projects
around the world a success.
What makes this work unique?
These aren't just ordinary buildings.
They are structures that support preaching the good news of God's Kingdom.
There has never been a greater need for volunteers within Jehovah's organisation.
Can you be a part of this special project?
Are construction projects that you can get involved in, where you live?